DP-23272 Improvements to Guide header (clean) (#1561)
massgov/mayflower: packages/patternlab/styleguide/source/_patterns/03-organisms/by-template/illustrated-header.md

* Page Header

### Variant options
* Colored: If the image isn't used a [green](./?p=organisms-illustrated-header-colored) background is shown in it's place.
* Inverted: There is an inverted variation which uses a [blue](./?p=organisms-illustrated-header-inverted) background in place of the white in the standard variant.
* Image Centered: The image-centered variant is used for images with a [custom focal point] (./?p=organisms-illustrated-header-image-centered). Set `bgCentered` to true. 

> * Plain: A plain header with on text and no image or color background.

Author: ```suggestion
* No-Background: A variant with no image or color background. Set `noImage` to true

```
